Why do you want to go back on the letter sale?
Are you forcing me to go back on my word?
Who is Gu Haoran?
Feilong Martial Arts Hall is the top martial arts hall of the building
He is also a young leader in the martial arts hall
What a big camp!
You can also go back if you want to cancel it.
But you just signed it yourself
Liquidated damages 50 million
50 million why don't you grab it?
Your surname is Xiao
Now there are only two in front of you
Or give me 50 million
Or let him go up and fight Gu Shao
If he wins
You take 1 million
Oh no 2 million
Just 2.002 billion
Don't promise him
Gu Haoran is notoriously ruthless
Never know what it means to stop
His former opponent
The least injured person was also lying in the hospital for half a year
I didn't expect you to know me so well
Could it be that you are my fan?
Stop being funny
A notorious guy like you
How can there be fans?
Really?
Who said my Han brother doesn't have fans?
Yes, Han brother is the most handsome.
Sisters in the world
How can there be such a handsome man as the bad brother?
Ugly
You don't even deserve to lick my brother Haonan's shoes
Just a jerk
You are courting death
Stop it, we're not the protagonists of this scene
Yes, Miss.
King Cao Wei, do you have the confidence to win?
Is that so?
As long as you win, I'll treat you to a Manchu feast
Do you have the confidence to win?
There is, there is, there is, there is.